Fixes #1217 - Adds CONTRIBUTING.md (#1450)
liferay/clay: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you decide to fix an issue, please be sure to check the comment thread in case somebody is already working on a fix. If nobody is working on it at the moment, please leave a comment stating that you intend to work on it so other people don’t accidentally duplicate your effort.

### Proposing a Change

This section guides you through how to propose a public API change, make non-trivial changes to the implementation, or propose something new. Following these guidelines helps maintainers understand your suggestion and your point of view.

#### Before submitting a suggestion for improvement

- **Perform a cursory search** to see if the enhancement has already been suggested. If it has, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.

#### How do I submit a suggestion for improvement?

Suggestions for enhancement or API changes are tracked as [Github issues](https://github.com/liferay/clay/issues). Please create a problem in this repository and provide the following information:

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.

> - **Provide a step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as many details as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Provide a step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as much detail as possible.
```

- **Describe the current behavior** and explain which behavior you expected to see instead and why.
- **Provide details of the impact your change will cause** and how you will proceed with it.
- **Provide the pros and cons of your change.**
- **Provide at least one alternative for your change.**

### Sending a Pull Request

> This section guides you how to proceed with sending a pull requests. The main staff is always monitoring pull requests. Following these guidelines helps the maintainers to do thorough review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section guides you how to send a pull request. The main staff is always monitoring pull requests. Following these guidelines helps the maintainers to do thorough review.
```

> > Since travis is failing on executing **a11y tests** due to out of date suid you need to execute `npm run pa11y` locally before sending any pr to verify we're following accessibility standars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Since Travis is failing on executing **a11y tests** due to out of date suid you need to execute `npm run pa11y` locally before sending any PR to verify we're following accessibility standards.
```

#### Before sending a pull request

- Fork the repository and create your branch from **develop**.
- Run `yarn` at the root of the repository for the installation of project dependencies.

> - Run the `yarn lerna` for the installation of the dependencies of each package and link them together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `yarn lerna` to install the dependencies of each package and link them together.
```

> - Run `yarn build` for the build all packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `yarn build` to build all packages.
```

- **If you’ve fixed a bug or added code that should be tested, add tests!**
- Run `yarn test` to ensure the test suite passes.

> - If you have modified a Soy file, make sure the tests passed by `yarn testSoy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have modified a Soy file, make sure the related tests passed by running `yarn testSoy`.
```

> - Run `yarn format` to format your code with prettier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `yarn format` to format your code with Prettier.
```

- Run `yarn lint` for make sure your code lints.

> - Run `yarn mcritic` to follow the rules of soy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `yarn mcritic` to follow the rules of Soy.
```

## Styleguides

### Git Commit Messages

> This section guides you through how to proceed with the messaging commit patterns in Clay. Following these guidelines helps us maintain order and ease of finding things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section guides you through how to write commit messages in Clay. Following these guidelines helps us maintain order and ease of finding things.
```

#### Before you make a confirmation message

- Make sure that the problem or change you are making already exists.
- Consider starting the commit message with the word **Fixes** always following with reference to issue:
	- Fixes #0 - bla bla
	- Fixes #0, #1 - bla bla

### JavaScript Styleguide

All JavaScript must adhere to [Liferay JavaScript style guide](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-config-liferay).

### Documentation Styleguide

- Use [JSDOC](http://usejsdoc.org/) for documentation in your JavaScript code.

#### Example

```javascript
/**
 * Data to add to the element.
 * @default undefined
 * @instance
 * @memberof ClayActionsDropdown
 * @type {?object}
 */
data: Config.object()
```

## Additional Notes

### Issue Labels

This section lists the labels we use to help us organize and track the issues.

Labels are organized by categories, such as labels that indicate where the problem is, resolution, status...

> You may want to use [Github search](https://help.github.com/articles/searching-issues-and-pull-requests/) to find groups of issues you are interested in. For example, you may be interested in [open issues labeled as bugs, but only us clay components](https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+repo%3Aliferay%2Fclay+label%3A%22comp%3A+clay-components%22+label%3A%22type%3A+bug%22&type=Issues). Use this to create more focused queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to use [Github search](https://help.github.com/articles/searching-issues-and-pull-requests/) to find groups of issues you are interested in. For example, you may be interested in [open issues labeled as bugs, but only in Clay components](https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+repo%3Aliferay%2Fclay+label%3A%22comp%3A+clay-components%22+label%3A%22type%3A+bug%22&type=Issues). Use this to create more focused queries.
```
